The `cancel_inverses` provides a deterministic output with program capture (#7328)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * The `qml.transforms.cancel_inverses` transform now provides operators on the same wire in a deterministic order.
>   [(#7328)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7328)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :func:`~.transforms.cancel_inverses` transform no longer changes the order of operations that don't have shared wires, providing a deterministic output.
  [(#7328)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7328)
```

@PietropaoloFrisoni is this right?

Author: It provides operations acting on the same wires always in the same order (that is, with a deterministic output)
